so heading out of town whether it's a
well-deserved vacation or a business
trip
don't let the hustle and bustle of
travel plants keep you from protecting
your home while you're away
first and foremost cover your people
people this is easily one of the number
one things travelers forget about when
leaving their house but have you heard
about all those cases of criminals and
weirdos
spying on people and even filming them
through the peoples of their hotel room
yes it happens and it's not just limited
to hotels while people's are great
because they let you see who's outside
your front door it also works the other
way around that is potential intruders
can also find ways to look in you see
peoples are all too easy to mess around
with and anyone with bad intentions can
install a tiny camera inside one or rig
it so that they can see what's going on
behind the door so just put a piece of
tape over the people of your front door
to beef up your security but covering
the people isn't the only thing that
slips homeowners Minds when they're
heading out of town for a while
here are some other security tips you'll
want to remember
counting down from number 12 don't let
your mail pile up a mailbox that's
flooded with letters and a pile of
packages on the front step are clear
signs for burglars that there's no one
home to pick them up that's why it's a
good idea to ask your neighbors or
someone else you trust to grab them for
you if you don't want to bother people
then just stop your mail delivery before
going out of town all you must do is
contact the post office and ask them to
hold your mail for however long you'll
be gone they can do it for up to 30 days
as for packages if you know you're going
to be away just don't order anything
that's scheduled to arrive while you're
gone number 11
keep up unusual home maintenance do you
normally have gardeners keep your lawn
neat and tidy
perhaps the pool guy comes every week to
clean your pool then it's best to keep
these schedules even when you're away an
unkempt yard or a dirty pool you can
also make your home an obvious target
for thieves in your area so don't let
them notice that something's off and
don't forget about a snowy driveway
during the winter have someone shovel it
while you're gone to see it's all in the
details
number 10 don't over share on social
media
if you're going on a long-awaited trip
then you're probably so excited that you
want to tell any and everyone about how
awesome your vacation is going but think
about it
posting pictures online from places
you're visiting is just letting
everybody know that your house is empty
bad guys may stock your social media and
find that out too it's better to curb
your enthusiasm a bit and share photos
from your vacations or memorable nights
out when you're already back home and if
you still can't help but post off to the
airport going to be the greatest two
weeks of my life
then at least check your profiles
privacy settings to make sure that only
your friends can see your posts number
nine don't hide your spare keys when you
imagine a break-in that's probably
exactly what you picture a burglar
literally breaking through a window but
most of them just want to get in and out
quickly and quietly
so people who hide their spare keys
somewhere on the front porch yeah they
do exist outside of movies only make
this task that much easier for criminals
it doesn't matter if you've figured out
the most discreet place to hide your key
trust me
burglars know all the spots just give
the spare to a trusted friend who can
check your property in case of emergency
or simply leave it in the house number
eight leave your curtains the way they
usually are to close or not to close
that is the question well it's a
debatable one when it comes to your
curtains while you're away
on one hand keeping them closed means no
one can pick into your windows on the
flip side they make the house look
abandoned and prevent neighbors friends
or police from keeping an eye on your
home well if you're a super private
person and your curtains and blinds are
usually shot anyway
then just leave them that way the same
goes the other way around if you keep
them open
then do just that when you're going
burglars do stake a house out before
they break in so any changes may give
them a hint that no one's around
[Music]
number seven move all your valuables can
you imagine how dumbfounded a thief
would be if they realized there was
nothing to steal inside after breaking
in yeah leave on baffle of course I
don't mean that you must dash
all your belongings elsewhere before
leaving criminals are usually after
money expensive jewelry and praising
gadgets like laptops and tablets you can
either leave all your precious stuff
with a friend or consider renting a
safety deposit box at the bank this will
ensure your valuables remain safe even
if your home is broken into number six
set timers on your electronics a dark
house at night for more than a few days
is a dead giveaway that the owner is
gone but leaving the lights on for the
entire time obviously means you'll be
hit with a jaw-dropping electric bill
right that's exactly why they made
timers that turn the lights and other
electronics on and off at certain times
of the day people usually use these
timers for lamps but TVs or radios can
also be plugged into them which really
helps create the illusion that someone
told
make sure to set up timers for random
intervals lights that turn on and off at
the exact same time will look suspicious
for bad guys who might be scoping your
house out plus some timer models can be
paired with your smartphone so that you
can decide when to turn the lights or TV
on even while you're relaxing on the
beach miles away
number five secure your sliding glass
doors you can probably imagine how
sliding glass doors can be an easy entry
point for burglars they usually go out
to the back yard where thieves will be
safe from your neighbors vigilant watch
luckily there aren't ways to secure them
for example you can buy metal bars that
brace against the door to lock it in
place you can also put a peg or a piece
of wood in the track to keep the door
from sliding open even if the locks been
picked the only downside is that these
blockers don't prevent a burglar from
just breaking the glass but again they
usually don't want to do that because it
draws attention to themselves number
four ask your neighbors to create a
lived-in look
if you're on good terms with your
neighbors ask one of them to park their
car in your driveway while you're gone
and if you're not then you might want to
try and get on their good side because
neighbors can really come in handy for
when you're away another tip for keeping
up the appearance is to ask your friend
or neighbor to say put a coffee mug on
your porch table to make it look like
someone had their Morning Joe they're
also for trash days have your neighbor
take your bins down and bring them back
to your house even if they're empty it's
all about the illusion remember oh and
don't forget to return the favor to a
neighbor in need number three
lock your garage door and disconnect the
automatic opener you think burglars
wouldn't be interested in a bunch of
dusty tools and bikes but you'd be
surprised how much they can sell that
lawnmower for plus I mean if your friend
took it to the airport and your car's
just sitting there waiting to be stolen
then don't be surprised if a burglar
hacks the automatic locking system and
helps themselves to your belongings if
you're gonna be away for a while and
won't be needing the automatic garage
door opener anyway
then disconnected before you leave just
don't forget to lock the door to number
two install a security system even if
it's fake according to a report by the
University of North Carolina 60% of
convicted burglars admitted that if they
noticed our house had a security system
they chose to target a different home if
you don't want to invest in the real
deal you can fool potential burglars
by placing security company signs in
your yard and setting up dummy cameras
near the front and back door number one
don't give away your home address
sometimes a GPS system can leap thieves
straight to your house if you leave your
car at the airport or in the hotel
parking lot then a criminal can break in
turn on your GPS and find out exactly
where your unattended home is if you
have a portable unit just don't leave it
in the car if your GPS has built in then
set home for somewhere other than your
address you can even send it to your
local police station yeah how funny
would that be so if you know any other
home security tips then leave them in
the comments down below and be sure to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click Subscribe to
always stay on the bright side of life
you